add documentation for tidb_opt_distinct_agg_push_down (#2220)
pingcap/docs: reference/configuration/tidb-server/tidb-specific-variables.md

- This variable is used to set whether the optimizer executes the optimization operation of pushing down the aggregate function to the position before Join.
- When the aggregate operation is slow in query, you can set the variable value to 1.

### tidb_opt_distinct_agg_push_down

- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: 0
- This variable is used to set whether the optimizer executes the optimization operation of pushing down the aggregate function with distinct(like `select count(distinct a) from t`) to Coprocessor.

> - When the aggregate with distinct operation is slow in query, you can set the variable value to 1.

Reviewer: please add an example to describe how to confirm that the `distinct` is pushed down.

- This variable is used to set whether the optimizer executes the optimization operation of pushing down the aggregate function to the position before Join.
- When the aggregate operation is slow in query, you can set the variable value to 1.

### tidb_opt_distinct_agg_push_down

- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: 0

> - This variable is used to set whether the optimizer executes the optimization operation of pushing down the aggregate function with distinct(like `select count(distinct a) from t`) to Coprocessor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set whether the optimizer executes the optimization operation of pushing down the aggregate function with `distinct` (such as `select count(distinct a) from t`) to Coprocessor.
```

> - When the aggregate with distinct operation is slow in query, you can set the variable value to 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When the aggregate function with the `distinct` operation is slow in the query, you can set the variable value to `1`.
```

> In the following example, before `tidb_opt_distinct_agg_push_down` is on, tidb needs to read all data from tikv and execute `disctinct` on tidb side. After `tidb_opt_distinct_agg_push_down` is turned on,` distinct a` is pushed down to Coprocessor, and a group by column `test.t.a` is added to `HashAgg_5`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, before `tidb_opt_distinct_agg_push_down` is enabled, TiDB needs to read all data from TiKV and execute `disctinct` on the TiDB side. After `tidb_opt_distinct_agg_push_down` is enabled, `distinct a` is pushed down to Coprocessor, and a `group by` column `test.t.a` is added to `HashAgg_5`.
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```sql
```
